doc/README.md, before:

Litecoin 0.8.x BETA
====================

Copyright (c) 2009-2014 Bitcoin Developers
Copyright (c) 2011-2014 Litecoin Developers

Distributed under the MIT/X11 software license, see the accompanying
file COPYING or http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php.
This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the [OpenSSL Toolkit](http://www.openssl.org/). This product includes
cryptographic software written by Eric Young ([eay@cryptsoft.com](mailto:eay@cryptsoft.com)), and UPnP software written by Thomas Bernard.


Intro
---------------------
Litecoin is a free open source peer-to-peer electronic cash system that is
completely decentralized, without the need for a central server or trusted
parties.  Users hold the crypto keys to their own money and transact directly
with each other, with the help of a P2P network to check for double-spending.


Setup
---------------------
You need the Qt4 run-time libraries to run Litecoin-Qt. On Debian or Ubuntu:
	`sudo apt-get install libqtgui4`

Unpack the files into a directory and run:

- bin/32/litecoin-qt (GUI, 32-bit)
- bin/32/litecoind (headless, 32-bit)
- bin/64/litecoin-qt (GUI, 64-bit)
- bin/64/litecoind (headless, 64-bit)

See the documentation at the [Litecoin Wiki](http://litecoin.info)
for help and more information.


Other Pages
---------------------
- [Unix Build Notes](build-unix.md)
- [OSX Build Notes](build-osx.md)
- [Windows Build Notes](build-msw.md)
- [Coding Guidelines](coding.md)
- [Release Process](release-process.md)
- [Release Notes](release-notes.md)
- [Multiwallet Qt Development](multiwallet-qt.md)
- [Unit Tests](unit-tests.md)
- [Translation Process](translation_process.md)

Commit message:

renamed litecoin to funcoin and changes in rpcrawtransaction.cpp

doc/README.md, after:

Funcoin 0.8.x BETA
====================

Copyright (c) 2009-2014 Bitcoin Developers
Copyright (c) 2011-2014 Funcoin Developers

Distributed under the MIT/X11 software license, see the accompanying
file COPYING or http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php.
This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the [OpenSSL Toolkit](http://www.openssl.org/). This product includes
cryptographic software written by Eric Young ([eay@cryptsoft.com](mailto:eay@cryptsoft.com)), and UPnP software written by Thomas Bernard.


Intro
---------------------
Funcoin is a free open source peer-to-peer electronic cash system that is
completely decentralized, without the need for a central server or trusted
parties.  Users hold the crypto keys to their own money and transact directly
with each other, with the help of a P2P network to check for double-spending.


Setup
---------------------
You need the Qt4 run-time libraries to run Funcoin-Qt. On Debian or Ubuntu:
	`sudo apt-get install libqtgui4`

Unpack the files into a directory and run:

- bin/32/funcoin-qt (GUI, 32-bit)
- bin/32/funcoind (headless, 32-bit)
- bin/64/funcoin-qt (GUI, 64-bit)
- bin/64/funcoind (headless, 64-bit)

See the documentation at the [Funcoin Wiki](http://funcoin.info)
for help and more information.


Other Pages
---------------------
- [Unix Build Notes](build-unix.md)
- [OSX Build Notes](build-osx.md)
- [Windows Build Notes](build-msw.md)
- [Coding Guidelines](coding.md)
- [Release Process](release-process.md)
- [Release Notes](release-notes.md)
- [Multiwallet Qt Development](multiwallet-qt.md)
- [Unit Tests](unit-tests.md)
- [Translation Process](translation_process.md)
